I am going to make a sweater for a doll
using fleece scissors and a needle and
thread for a 12-inch dollar smaller I'm
using this thin fleece I got from a baby
blanket at the dollar store but for an
18-inch I can use regular fleece from
the fabric store making sure my fleece
stretches to the side
I cut a rectangle that can fit around my
dolls body I cut two more for the arms a
piece for the bottom and another one
that can fit around her shoulders to
make a cuff at the bottom of the arm on
my sweater I fold up the bottom of the
material and then I measured around her
arm since I want this line on the
outside I'm going to fold my material in
half I thread my needle tie the end lock
my stitch and begin sewing a straight
line all the way down tie and knot it
when you get to the end cut off the
excess carefully flip it right side out
repeat for the other arm with the wrong
side facing out I wrap the body material
around her torso and begin stitching it
down her back tie off the string at the
end trim off the excess to help and
reinforce my stitches I'm going to go
back over the edge with this in and over
kind of stitch that way the outfit can
handle a little bit more heavy play turn
it right-side out at this point I look
to see how well my sweater is fitting
this is also the time in which I decide
if I want to add in the embellishments
like cutting thin strips of fleece I
carefully stitch it to the top making
sure not to scratch the doll i braid the
strips of fleas down the front then I
carefully stitch it into place
you can so thin strips down the sides
and maybe even add a few beads I take
the fleece I cut it for the bottom fold
it in half wrap it around the bottom
edge of the sweater stitch it closed
then begin stitching it all the way
around at the bottom of the sweater
making sure that the good edge is at the
top
now this thin fleece is easy to sew
however it might be a tad bit more
difficult to push through on some of the
thicker fleece after coming full circle
I tie in at the end and trim off the
excess I stitch the arms on where they
meet at the top of the sweater I take
the final piece that I cut for the top
folds it in half with the good side
facing down wrap it around her shoulders
so that it meets in the back stitch it
closed I carefully stitch it all the way
around the top of the sweater and around
the arms I go around a second time
reinforcing my stitch before tying
knotting and trimming off the excess
flip the top up the bottom down and
you're done
happy crafting
when making the sweater I kept it is a
little bit loose so that I will be able
to slide it off the doll and when
dressing the monster High's I just
removed the arm before sliding it up
from the feet
why should you like us on Facebook
because it's so fab some you can submit
photos of your dog crafts for a chance
to be one of our videos just be sure to
put fan pic in the comment or
description box we even do fun stuff
like froggy trivia be one of the first
to answer to get your name in one of our
videos and we also have GPS dad can you
name what city our dad is in Facebook is
also a great way to see what's coming
next
well see you in the next video
Shh Abbi
don't you know it's freezing out here
yes lovely weather isn't it we want to
give a shout out to little dog genius
what yeah I'm getting cold just looking
at you yes he has a defect on people